|---------------------------------------------------------------
| MAIN - VIEW NEWS
|
| System Version: 1.0
|---------------------------------------------------------------

In Nova, we've taken a lot of time to add new features to viewing news as well as making it easier to get the information while keeping blank information out of the way.

The page's title is the news title with the pertinent author information and date posted below the title. If the news item has a category, it will be displayed below the text of the news item, otherwise, it won't be displayed at all. If any tags exist for the news item, a field will appear with the relevant tags. It's important not to confuse the SMS tag field with Nova's tags feature. Tags are meant to be used for keywords that can be used to search for that news item at a later date through Nova's search features.

The main content of the news item is below the news information.

After the content of the news item, an RSS icon gives users the chance to subscribe to the RSS feed for news items from the page. In addition, at both the top of the page and the bottom after the content of the news item are arrows to move back and forth through activated news. The ordering is in the order they were posted.

COMMENTS
==========

If there are comments associated with a news item, they will be displayed after the body of the news item along with a count of how many comments there are. To add a comment to the news item you're viewing, simply click the Add a Comment link or the icon to the side. A Facebox window will appear over everything where you can add the text you want and click submit. You will only be able to post a news comment as your primary character. This cannot be changed. You will only see the link and be able to add a comment if you are logged in to the site, though everyone visiting the site can see comments.

Once you've submitted your comment, an email will be sent to the author of the news item notifying them that someone has posted a comment to one of their news items (if their preferences are set up to send them emails for that event). It will then display the text of the comment you added. By default, news authors have no control over deleting or editing comments, only the game master has that control (unless that power is given to every member of the crew).

If the person submitting the comment has their moderation flag set to yes, the comment will be given a status of pending and all users with Level 2 Comment Management access will receive an email notifying them of a pending comment. Once the comment has been approved, it will appear on the site.