|---------------------------------------------------------------
| WRITE - MISSION POST
|
| System Version: 1.0
|---------------------------------------------------------------

Mission posts are the heart and soul of Nova's posting features. Mission posts are where you play the game (assuming you're using Nova's built-in posting features). You can run multiple missions at the same time, so there will always be something for everyone to post about.

Mission posts consist of authors, a title, a timeline, a location, a mission, content, and any tags you want to put on your post for it to be easily found in a search later on. You can post a mission post as your main character or any other character or protected non-playing character associated with your account. All associated character will be in the dropdown menu. If you only have one character, it will just display the character's name.

Nova does not split mission posts and joint mission posts into separate pages, instead putting everything on the same page. In addition, Nova does not put a limit on how many people can be involved in a post. Adding authors to an post is just like adding recipients to a private message. If you have more than one character associated with your account, you will see a dropdown by My Author. Select the character you want to post as. If you want to do a solo post, fill in your information and post and you're all set. If you want to add just one more person, just select that person from the Other Authors section. If you want to add more than one more author, select their name and click Add Author. They'll be added to a list below the dropdown menu and their name will be disabled in the dropdown. You can continue to add authors until everyone is disabled. Fill in your information and either click Save or Post. When you come back to a saved post, you'll see al the authors in a list. If you want to add another person, just select them and click Add Author. In a similar fashion, if you want to remove an author from the post, just click the icon to the left of their name. Clicking Save or Post will lock the changes in.

Nova uses a mission notes feature to give players information they need to know before posting. There is a setting for whether or not you want to use mission notes in the Settings page. It is set to yes by default. 

The email players will receive has the authors, the subject, the timeline, the location and the message. If someone has chosen not to receive email notifications of mission posts they will have to manually look through mission posts the next time they login to Nova. In the event that more than 1 of a user's characters are listed, the first of their characters in the author field will be used for determining which character the post comes from.

In order to write a mission post, a user needs write/missionpost privileges.

SAVING POSTS
==========

Mission posts can be saved so that you can work on them for a little while then come back to it later on. This is especially advantageous with joint author posts. In order to save a mission post, you only need to have an author set and you can click Save. Your saved mission posts will show up in your list of saved posts.

DELETING POSTS
==========

You can only delete a mission post from the write pages if it's in the saved status. If you decide you don't want to do a mission post that you've already saved, just click Delete and it will be deleted. After deleting the saved mission post, you will be redirected to the Admin Control Panel after 5 seconds.